Title: Production Timeline

----

Text:

##Time to completion
The length of time it takes to complete a case varies by the nature of the subject, the experience of the authors involved, and the time available to the authors to devote to the case. Typically, case production takes between one and one and a half years. For MSC-sponsored cases, individual case production timelines are determined by the case teams, and the final expectation for completion of all work is specified in the Memorandum of Understanding (MOU). Note, however, that the MOU can be revised if necessary. MSC staff is readily available to help case teams produce a quality case, find resources, and implement and assess case use in classrooms or in the field.

##Case development
Initial case development usually occurs informally through electronic means. During this time we try to address any questions and comments about MSC and case production. Additionally, case ideas and core concepts are discussed and refined along with case team members (authors, advisor, and practitioner).

Following proposal approval, new case teams have a kickoff meeting with MSC's project manager and multimedia projects manager to set direction for the case. Case teams complete a kickoff meeting worksheet which serves as a flexible roadmap throughout case production. Teams then spend months conducting research, editing, and developing an engaged learning exercise. When a draft is complete, MSC reviews the draft, suggesting edits where necessary, and finally recommending the case to be submitted for review. 

Cases are typically sent to two reviewers, who are often MSC alumni or other MSC staff. Reviewers are crucial for offering new points of view and identifying weaknesses and strengths in the case. Comments from completed reviews are conveyed to case authors, who then have the opportunity to respond. Once MSC's project manager is satisfied that the reviewers' comments have been adequately addressed, the final version of the case is approved, sent for copy editing, and posted to the Gala platform.

##Additional opportunities
Following launch of the case on MSC’s learning platform, case teams may have the opportunity to showcase their work on the It’s Hot in Here radio show, as well as conduct assessment and publish about the case.
