Title: Multimedia Edgenotes

----

Tagline: Curated media that captures your imagination.

----

Description: Curated from audiovisual sources to provide diverse insights for deeper exploration.

----

Text: 

Edgenotes are jumping-off points for deeper exploration. Different than footnotes, each Edgenote correspond to a specific part of the case and are presented right alongside the text. You get to control your pace and way of exploring the edgenotes – you can review the edgenotes along reading the case; you can also choose to review all the edgenotes at the end from the Edgenote gallery. Complementary to the classic case narrative, we’re curating multimedia content which provide context, detail, and opportunities for further investigation. Through these “Edgenotes,” students are able to shape their individual learning experience as they explore the case material.

(a gif of edgenotes being highlighted)

###Examples
a video of a specific stakeholder’s perspective
an audio clip of a report on the particular issue
an article the puts the problem in context
a map of the region where the decision is made
a video of a community dealing with the construction of a free trade zone port in Nigeria
an audio clip of an interview with a landowner petitioning for grazing rights on state land.
Curated portions of an article that draw on previously published work concerning the issues
A published report from the organization the decision maker works for

###Types
Videos, audio, images, maps, social media posts, blogs, articles, reports.  etc.

###Source
Local, national, and global news; Twitter, Facebook, Instagram; Government reports; etc.
Some edgenotes are created by the case production team. But most of the edgenotes are curated from audiovisual sources online. Given that there are a lot of existing materials already, MSC is building a web-based learning platform that embraces the new mode of media consumption popularized by aggregators like Facebook or Flipboard.

###Length
The most relevant segments curated from larger piece, for example a two minute segment from a 16 minute video, or a 1 page excerpt from a 40-page technical report. This curation allows students only engage with the most relevant part of the larger piece, but also give students the option to explore more if they are interested in deeper exploration with a specific Edgenote.

----

Pagetagline: Easy to Engage with!

----

Link: element/edgenotes

----

Pagesubtagline: Closely Tied to Text &middot;  You Control the Pace &middot; For All Learners

----

Subdescription: Edgenotes are audiovisual materials that <em> complement </em>, rather than supplement the case content. They are jumping-off points for deeper exploration. Curated from audiovisual sources, edgenotes offer organizational and ecological background, relevant expertise, core concepts and theories, and different voices around the case.