Title: Interactive Exercises

----

Tagline: Gain mastery in fun and engaging way.

----

Description: Foster the practice of analytical, communicational, and intercultural competencies.

----

Text: 

The interactive learning exercises provide students with experiential experience with case material that allows students to dive deeper to practice and gain skills. It is an opportunity for students to understand the implications that this case carries with it and apply it to problem-solving.

Maybe you could add that excursions and summer travel programs abroad are also potential ways of an interactive learning experience.

Depart from online learning. 

###Types
role play

field exercise

analysis

design excursions and summer travel programs abroad are also potential ways of an interactive learning experience

###Examples
a role play that asks students to reflect on views of various stakeholders. In the Michigan Wolf Wars case, students learn about the conflicts of solving ecological conflicts. Students practice their conflict resolution skills through a role play. 

the application of economic or social cost-benefit analysis

an assignment to develop a digital media skills, such as write a blog or tweet, and track their impact

a project to build part of a prototype, like solar installations or straw bale construction

In the Ethiopia NAPA case, students learn about multi-facet climate change challenges in Ethiopia, then practice economic and social Cost-Benefit Analysis through prioritizing projects that best protect Ethiopian people from climate change. 

In Ohio RPS case study, student practice on how to analyze a proposed energy bill from multiple lenses; impact on state’s economy, impact on the environment, and understanding politics behind formation of policies at state level. Eventually, readers learn about the importance of scientific communication and practice on informing energy policies by using various modes of communication.

----

Pagetagline: Shortcut to Experience

----

Link: element/exercise

----

Pagesubtagline: Hands-on &middot; Fun &middot; Different Formats

----

Subdescription: Interactive learning exercises are activities that enhance students’ mastery of specific tools and wider skills. They provide a toolkit of quantitative, technical, analytical and creative competencies. The design of these exercises aims to foster an environment for students to practice collaboration, self agency and intercultural communication.