Title: Make

----

Tagline: Develop student, faculty and practitioner partnerships; enable makers in makerspace.

----

Description: MSCs are created by teams comprised of students, faculty, and practitioners, allowing student-driven experiences. Inspiration for a case may come from a current or past event or a published work. MSC accepts case proposals on a rolling basis. Funding is available for accepted proposals.

----

Text: 

Want to become pedagogical pioneers and learn by creation? Make a MSC! MSCs are created by a team comprised of students, faculty, and practitioners. Inspiration for a case may come from a current or past event or a published work. Each case is presented with the following components: main text, multi-media Edgenotes, podcast, learning exercises, and teaching guide. MSC accepts case proposals on a rolling basis. Funding is available for accepted proposals.

Interested in building a case? MSC accepts case proposals on a rolling basis. Funding is available for accepted proposals.

Live radio broadcast.

In response to ongoing changes in workplaces, emergence of new learning technologies, and increasing
diversity of student cohorts interested in sustainability we have undertaken a radical reformulation of
learning cases. MSCs differ from classic cases in three respects: each comprises written, audio, and
visual materials (accessible, dynamic form). Student/faculty teams will produce cases with input from
professionals (interactive process). Collaborative production and classroom use will develop workplace
and citizenship skills including engagement with diverse public audiences through new interfaces of
scholarly text, broadcast, visual, and social media (substantive and social/technological outcome). We
have experimented extensively with case-based and engaged learning approaches at SNRE and have
evaluated them over the past two years - both independently and with TLTC Discovery grant support.

MSC Production Guide >
Submit a proposal >

----

Link: action/make

----

Pagetagline: Driven by you!

----

Pagesubtagline: Define &middot;  Participate &middot;  Grow