Title: Vision

----

Tagline: 

----

Description: 

- Number 1 platform for sustainability oriented teaching cases.
For decades, professors have been successfully teaching with cases. MSC is reimagining this technique by building a web-based learning platform that embraces the new mode of media consumption, popularized by aggregators like Facebook or Flipboard.

- - 100+ current case producers
Every MSC is produced by a team of students, faculty, and practitioners. $2 Million initial funding from Transforming Learning in the Third Century is being spent to support the development of cases. Currently, MSC is supporting the development of over 30 cases, which involve over 100 individuals.

- 15 + on campus partners
MSC is currently writing and piloting initial cases in a variety of professional schools, ranging from its current home in the School of Natural Resources to Engineering, Social Work, and beyond. MSC has also build partners to help make MSC more digitally savvy and inclusive of different backgrounds. On top of this, MSC is extending its reach by building partners beyond campus and globally. transforming sustainability learning at home on the University of Michigan campus and bringing cases to classrooms around the world.

- 95% satisfaction rate in piloting cases
Two MSCs were piloted in the classroom of winter semester 2016. Positive feedbacks are received. Among which, the overall satisfaction rate is 95%.

- 200 cases in the course of four years
One barrier of adopting new pedagogy is the cost of making such change. Cases are expensive to produce. MSC is aiming to support 125 to 200 cases production in the next four years, all of which are open access. Allowing wider adoption of this approach.

- 30+ years of case based teaching
For decades, School of Natural Resources and Environment (SNRE) professors have been successfully teaching with cases in their classrooms, which have proved more effective than lectures. Case approach has also been adopted for the SNRE orientation to give students the feeling of the complexity of environmental issues. The experience will help MSC to build cases well...

Our goal is to transform sustainability learning by transforming teaching methods in all academic fields. Case-based curricular innovation will lead to a more engaged, participatory learning. It will also enable students to achieve sustainability competencies, including systems-thinking: anticipatory, normative, strategic, and interpersonal. These are skills that will help develop students towards their full potential—becoming future sustainability leaders.

(Learn more about our initiative and vision.)

----

Text: 

##What is a case
*A story that evolves around an issue and its key players.*
This approach has been widely used in business schools. Like the traditional cases, a standard MSC is composed of a clear narrative with a decision problem, one or more decision points, and several available solutions.

##What is MSC
*Environmentally themed sustainability cases that transform learning experiences, spearheaded by the University of Michigan.*
Funded by a $2 million grant from Transforming Learning in the Third Century, the Michigan Sustainability Cases (MSC) initiative is building a case-based curriculum for sustainability education. 

The MSC initiative is focused on developing a series of cases that will be presented via the MSC online platform, which encourages student interaction with the case material. As with the traditional case method, MSCs present the student with the case, the decision maker, and various stakeholders, allowing the student to analyze priorities and tradeoffs in reaching a recommendation. Unlike the traditional case method, each MSC is accompanied by two additional “tentpole” components (multimedia “Edgenotes” and an hour-long podcast), which together serve to bring greater depth to the case content. Through the seamless incorporation of diverse audiovisual sources and in-depth interviews with real world decision makers, MSCs provide a more immersive, nuanced, and exploratory educational approach to practical skills in sustainability and environmental decision-making. 

MSCs are modular multimedia sustainability cases developed through partnerships with practitioners, teachers and students into informal "makerspaces" by offering audio, visual, and narrative elements to reach and draw from younger and more diverse learners.

MSC also refers to the case products by Michigan Sustainability Cases Initiative. 

MSC is writing and piloting initial cases throughout the U-M campus ranging from its current home in the SNRE to Engineering, Social Work, and beyond.

##Why use cases in the sustainability field
*Cases make students work through complex issues and help knowledge to ‘stick’. *
Sustainability problems are important to everyone. No longer limited to the traditional environmental fields. They can be very complicated and require knowledge from various disciplines. Cases help to capture those complexities and intricacies. They convey interdisciplinary concepts about coupled human/natural systems. And offer the big picture perspective in addressing site specific sustainability challenges. The easily understandable format of the case-based method guides the student through the narrative and allows them to actively engage with the material. This helps students retain knowledge in the long run.

##Why now?
The increasing challenges of wicked problems like climate changes and energy descent pose across disciplines is something that should be included in core curriculums. We are making it more approachable and more engaging while building critical skills beyond the classroom.

Our goal is to transform sustainability learning by transforming teaching methods in all academic fields. Case-based curricular innovation will lead to a more engaged, participatory learning. It will also enable students to achieve sustainability competencies, which will help develop students towards their full potential—becoming future sustainability leaders.
As with the traditional case method, MSCs present the student with the case, the decision maker, and various stakeholders, allowing the student to sets priorities and negotiates tradeoffs in reaching a recommendation. Unlike the traditional case method, each MSC is accompanied by two additional “tentpole” components--multimedia “Edgenotes” and an hour-long podcast--which bring greater depth to the case content. Through the seamless incorporation of diverse audiovisual sources and in-depth interviews with real-world decision makers, MSCs provide a more immersive and nuanced educational approach to sustainability and environmental decision making.

##Why us?
For decades, SNRE professors have been successfully teaching with cases in their classrooms, which have proved more effective than lectures. Michigan Sustainability Cases (MSC) is reimagining this technique by building a web-based learning platform that embraces new modes of media consumption popularized by aggregators like Facebook or Flipboard. Complementary to the classic case narrative, MSCs curate multimedia content that provides context, detail, and opportunities for further investigation. Through these “Edgenotes,” students are able to shape their individual learning experience as they explore the case material.

Studies show that students learn best by active participation in the learning process. At the heart of it, the cases are stories; they begin with a decision maker and center around a problem that needs solution oriented thinking. The cases introduce different sets of interests and perspectives, present options and trade-offs, and challenge students to make difficult choices. By working toward a successful case, students gain an inductive understanding of the core competencies of the field. Engagement in the experience leads to skills development in terms of self-confidence in STEM fields, and social skills of particular relevance to sustainability education, i.e. collaboration, communication, and intercultural and civic engagement.

Additionally, MSC podcasts are an opportunity to untangle case narratives and assumptions, discuss and develop potential solutions with the case’s decision maker, and shed light on underexplored aspects of the case material. Presenting the material in the form of a lively conversation likely leads to increase learning outcomes relative to lectures, and presently, this hypothesis is being tested in the classroom.

The creation of a sustainability-focused case library will be both time and resource intensive. MSC employs student authors who write the cases, curate the Edgenotes, and produce the podcasts themselves, in consultation with faculty, practitioners, and MSC staff. This allows for a secondary learning objective for student MSC makers, to develop skills in critical thought, time management, teaching and teamwork.

The cases will be modular to fit into a variety of classrooms, or configured in “stacks” which form cohesive curricula. This initiative will widely promote case-based teaching and learning methods to the University of Michigan campus, the U.S., and eventually (fingers crossed) to the world.

Besides MSCs campus-wide influence, we expect to have a worldwide impact by building global partners and hosting the global case competition.

##Timeline
General timeline: 150-200 cases by the end of 2020

----

Pagetagline: Transform Pedagogy

----

Link: 

----

Pagesubtagline: Engaged Learning Experience &middot; Connect Global Communities