Title: Global Case Competition

----

Tagline: 

Learning innovation in Sustainability is advancing around the globe.<br>
Join the conversation.<br>
Expand the collaboration.

----

Details: 

September 15-16<br>
University of Michigan<br>
Ann Arbor, MI

----

Overview: 

MSC Global Case Conference aims to bring together talents around the global who use and produce cases for the sustainabiity field.
Year 2017 is the first year we host this global conference. We’ve invited our co-branding partner institutions to join our effort to test this idea out. If you want to be a pilot on attending this year’s conference as well, please join us!

MSC Global Case Conference consist of two parts. One is a competition section, which allows participants to take part in our webinars regarding multimodal case production and produce a case. Another part is the two-day gathering to communicate, learn, and reflect.

At CaseConf 2017, You will:
— Help with the visioning of next year’s conference
— Be the first readers of this year’s submission to our case competition
— Access webinars that are helpful to case production

Who are the main audience?
— Faculty who wants to do their teaching better
— Early career professionals who look to build their own teaching portfolio
— Graduate students who look to acquire skills including communication, multi-media production, and evaluation and assessment
— Practitioners who wish to influence the cultivation of talents they need by impacting the curriculum

----

Timeline: 

- 
  dateofitem: May 1
  item: |
    - Application for competition application open
    - Application for conference open
- 
  dateofitem: July 1
  item: >
    Deadline for competition application
    submission
- 
  dateofitem: Aug 1
  item: Notification of competition acceptance
- 
  dateofitem: Aug 1 – Sep 1
  item: >
    Series of webinars to help competition
    participants turn their cases into MSC
- 
  dateofitem: Sep 10
  item: Deadline for case submission
- 
  dateofitem: Sep 15-16
  item: Conference and advisory group meet-up
- 
  dateofitem: Sep 20 – Nov 20
  item: >
    Winning cases publication to MSC
    learning platform and other venues

----

Partners: 

- 
  logo: '(imgix: isb-logo.png  alt: Indian School of Business size:195)'
  link: http://www.isb.edu/
- 
  logo: '(imgix: harvard-logo.png  alt: Harvard University size:195)'
  link: http://www.harvard.edu/
- 
  logo: '(imgix: sesync-logo.png  alt: National Socio-Environmental Synthesis Center size:195)'
  link: https://www.sesync.org/
- 
  logo: '(imgix: mit-logo.png  alt: Massachusetts Institute of Technology size:195)'
  link: http://web.mit.edu/

----

Competition: 

Here we post specific rules about the competition, including:
— Eligibility
— Selection criteria
— Link to submit proposal
— Link to submit final case
— Reviewers

----

Webinars: 

A series of webinars is available for selected case competition participants. Detailed schedules will be sent to the selected participants.

Topics include:
— Overview on case-based learning and the raging debates around it
— Write a good story for your narrative
— Curation of multimedia Edgenotes and select where in the narrative to insert
— Plan effective engaged learning exercises for students to practice their skills
— Plan for podcast to support/contradict your narrative in a conversational way
— How to produce teaching guide to help fellow instructors to adopt your case

----

Register: 

Apply to attend the competition
Register for the conference

----

Logistics: 

Conference fee
Case competition participants fee
Hotel information
Directions
Etc.

--
Social media:

MSC intends to foster a learning community around case based learning and innovations around sustainability teaching. We hope the impact extends beyond the Michigan campus, to nation wide and around the globe.

You can connect with us through our (link: https://twitter.com/learnmsc text:Twitter) or (link: https://www.facebook.com/makemsc/ text:Facebook), participate in our (link: community/events text: events), or take part in our (link: community/case-competition text: Global Case Competition).